[ADD] sale_order_line_effective_date (#3129)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_order_line_effective_date/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module extends the functionality of sale stock and add field effective date in sale order line, this field is completion date of the first delivery order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of sale stock and adds the field "effective date" in sale order lines.
This field displays the completion date of the first delivery order.
```
